Ms. Yakushimae has agreed
to support you as your guarantor again.
You'll stay at a shelter for a while,
so your whereabouts won't be discovered.
We'll also help you secure a job.
So let's completely cut ties
with Suguru Kanemoto.
You can start a new life.
The same thing will happen.
No matter how far I go,
nothing will change.
Yeah.
I'll just fall into
the same rotten swamp again.
POOP
It's just my fate.
The other day, I met with your father.
What?
Sota got arrested again?
If he cuts ties with Mr. Kanemoto,
his situation might change for the better.
Please lend us your strength.
I'm in no position
to say anything to Sota at this point.
I'm sorry.
Why don't you get your tattoo removed?
The tattoo on your forehead.
Mr. Kanemoto's father did that, didn't he?
Sota has the same tattoo on his arm.
If you get it removed,
it might change how he feels.
Let's get it removed for Sota's sake.
Would that help Sota?
Yes, it will help him.
Then I'll get it removed.
I'll do anything if it'll help Sota.
For me?
Yes. That's what he said.
The doctor told your dad,
"It's going to hurt.
Are you sure you want to do it?"
But he insisted on having it removed.
He said you got into prison
because he was pathetic.
He said he's been blaming himself
all this time.
Mr. Sogabe,
let's testify truthfully.
Nah, I'm sorry. I still can't do it.
What? Sota Sogabe! Why not?
Given how this conversation's going,
you're supposed to say "yes."
It's stupid to take the blame
for someone else!
No, you two don't understand anything.
I need to take the blame.
Huh?
What do you mean?
Attorney Kujo came to visit me yesterday.
Because of the marijuana and cocaine
that they found in your home,
the police arrested Mr. Kanemoto
as an accomplice.
Yes.
The police want you to get three years
in prison for possession for profit.
But if you insist that it was
simple possession for personal use,
you'll only get
a year and a half in prison.
That's why
you need to take all the blame.
You must never fess up about Mr. Kanemoto.
I know.
I'm fine with staying like this forever.
No, that's wrong.
The law protects people's rights,
but it can't protect people's lives.
If you fess up now about Mr. Kanemoto,
you'll be killed when you get out.
If you and Mr. Kanemoto were to cut ties,
it'd only be after you serve your time.
I can't guarantee your safety otherwise.
Attorney Kujo is protecting my life.
Huh?
Oh, there he is.
Attorney Kujo.
Attorney Karasuma.
Just as I expected,
the sauce stain won't come out.
Huh?
Well,
I really wanted to eat the takoyaki
from "Japan's top takoyaki,"
but the shop was closed.
So I had no choice but to eat takoyaki
from another place. Then this happened.
Attorney Kujo,
Mr. Sogabe was grateful to you.
He said you protected his life.
Thank you.
I don't judge my clients
based on their status
or whether they're good or bad.
As an attorney,
I was simply on my client's side.
But
even though I can help them with the law,
I can't look after their lives.
Look after their lives?
Even after the trial is over,
his life will keep going,
and it's not an attorney
who can help with that.
It's the people who care about him
and are always by his side.
I'm home.
Shinji?
Mom, the flowers
in the garden are withered.
What happened? You took good care of them.
Never mind that. What's going on with you?
I came to get my summer clothes.
Oh, I see.
Mom, the weather is so nice now.
Why don't you go outside once in a while?
You used to like things
like musicals and concerts.
It's okay.
If someone saw me having fun outside,
who knows what they would say.
How long will you keep saying that?
It's already been 18 years
since Dad passed away.
Oh, Mom. This is the one Dad liked.
Eat it later.
ESSENTIAL GUIDE TO THE SIX CODES
FOR BEGINNERS
THE SIGNIFICANCE OF STUDYING LAW
Thank you, Attorney Kujo.
To think, Kanemoto
was actually cut loose in 20 days.
What's important
is not getting prosecuted.
Time is precious for everyone.
There's no value in winning
a not-guilty verdict in court.
This case has made you
a hot topic among us.
Attorney Kujo, I'm really grateful.
I want to express how I feel right now
to everyone in the world through rap.
Attorney Kujo.
Thank you. You're the best.
I was really cut loose in 20 days.
It's unbelievable.
You ratted me out, and I got locked up.
You got your head hammered in.
Would you like to join us for Japanese BBQ
to celebrate Kanemoto's release?
I can't because work is piling up.
I see. Understood.
I'll be needing your services again soon.
Huh?
I…
I'm taking the blame?
So Mr. Kanemoto has been set free?
I imagine he'll now put more effort
into perfecting his awful rapping skills.
He'll get close to Mr. Sogabe
when he gets out.
I'd imagine so.
I'm going out for a bit.
I see.
So Kanemoto's son… has been released.
I'm sure that Sota won't be able
to cut ties with him on his own.
He won't be able to escape this situation.
He'll need support after he gets out too.
Support from his parents.
I understand what you're saying.
I'll talk to Sota and say,
"When you get out of prison,
let's live together."
This urn holds my wife's ashes.
When Sota was about to graduate
from elementary school,
my wife left us.
For years,
I couldn't reach her.
But three years ago,
she came back to me as ashes.
Is that so?
I don't think Sota remembers her much.
Oh, he remembers her.
He told me about the time
his mother came to see him on field day.
Field day?
She was looking down, and she was looking
like it was the end of the world.
I think she was embarrassed
and frustrated.
Sota said his mom was embarrassed by him,
and she was looking down.
That's not true!
That's…
That's not true.
COURTHOUSE
The verdict…
The defendant is sentenced
to one year and six months in prison.
A sincere heart that says, "yes."
A repentant heart that says, "I'm sorry."
A humble heart that says,
"My thanks to you."
A servant heart that says,
"Allow me to do this."
This prison is full of old guys.
I wonder if this guy
is around my dad's age.
Sogabe.
Yes.
You have a visitor.
What is it?
Your dad said,
"When you get out of prison,
let's live together."
My dad said that?
And about what happened on field day…
You told me you came in last place.
You said your mom looked down
and had a face like the world had ended.
That wasn't true.
Your dad was also there
for the same field day.
Your mom was looking down,
not because she was embarrassed,
but because she saw you
giving it your all,
and that made her cry.
Mom…
Sota.
You can do it!
Mom…
We're investigating Kanemoto
undercover once again,
with a focus on the for-profit angle.
We know you took the fall
for all of Kanemoto's crimes.
Are you sure you're okay with this?
Though it was simple possession,
you're in prison for a year and a half.
Don't you think that's unfair?
You were using a phone app
to communicate with Kanemoto
so the police
couldn't intercept it, right?
We'll have a special agency
analyze your smartphone, okay?
Hey, how do you feel about that, Sogabe?
Say something already.
Detective, I have a favor to ask.
What is it?
POOP
STINKY
I want to erase this.
I want to erase this tattoo.
Yes.
CONGRATULATIONS
ON OPENING GIRLS BAR MILKEE
I understand, Mr. Kyogoku.
Mibu,
congratulations on
the pre-opening of your girls bar.
Sure.
Mibu,
you're doing well, even though
the nightlife business is tough now.
Are you sure it's okay to invite me?
Of course.
The business card.
Thanks.
"Girls bar Milkee!"
Are you not coming?
There's a car I need to paint
and deliver by tomorrow.
Hey, could you close the shutter?
That orange button.
Oh, okay.
You're such a hard worker, Mibu.
Do you always draw water
from the river and use it?
Yeah. It saves money.
Milkee.
Miyoko, I'm sorry. I love you.
Mibu.
Mibu!
An executive of Fushimi-gumi
was busted for smuggling cocaine.
That's the drug syndicate
Kanemoto and his men were dealing with.
Could Kanemoto be the one
who snitched on them?
No.
Kanemoto has nothing to gain
by selling out Fushimi-gumi.
There was another snitch.
Who was it?
It was Sota Sogabe.
Mr. Sogabe?
He took a shot at them
from inside the prison, where it was safe.
Sogabe understands reason and logic,
so he framed Kanemoto as the snitch
and took him out.
He told the detective
who came to question him…
"I want to erase my tattoo,
just like my father."
He must have resolved
to finally break the vicious cycle.
Attorney Karasuma,
you actually managed to save him.
You saved him.
What's that look on your face?
I'm happy, but…
I don't know if I should say that.
My emotions haven't caught up yet.
I see.
Do you always live with these emotions,
Attorney Kujo?
I've never really paid attention to them.
I see.
Anyway, what's important for Mr. Sogabe
is what happens from here.
From here?
It depends on Kanemoto's next move.
He was found drowned.
What?
Cause of death was asphyxiation
from drinking a large amount of water.
The water in his lungs matched
the water in this river mouth.
So Kanemoto was killed to silence him?
Oh, come in.
Attorney Kujo,
Mr. Sogabe's father is here.
Hello, there.
Thank you for saving my son, sir.
Your forehead is looking much cleaner.
Oh, well…
And you're letting me pay
the attorney's fees in installments,
without interest.
That's a great help.
No problem. Thank you for coming.
Of course.
Please have this with everyone.
Oh, thank you for your kindness.
Oden?
But it's summer.
I went to four convenience stores
and managed to buy only eggs, 25 of them!
What a way to shop for oden.
Sota and I love eggs.
I hope you guys like them too.
I prefer it with daikon.
What?
Did you have to say that?
-Well, then, Ms. Yakushimae.
-I prefer it with fish cakes.
Then I'll enjoy it.
Go ahead.
Thank you for the food.
Wow, it looks so good.
Mmm, it's good.
By the way,
the other day, Kanemoto's father
came to my house, and he was drunk.
Sogabe.
I'm sorry for everything.
Please forgive me.
To you,
and to your son as well,
I've done such terrible things.
I regret it every day.
So now you're crawling for forgiveness?
I'll never forgive you!
Go home!
That Kanemoto, who'd been
so arrogantly overbearing,
looked so small that day.
I don't care about
what he's done to me until now.
What he did to Sota is another matter.
He must have felt lonely
after his son died.
No matter what kind of son he was,
they were still family.
Did you get to see Sota?
Oh, yes, yes. I finally got to see him.
Was he happy?
We didn't know how
to act around each other,
so we were silent for a good while.
But
we talked about living together
when he completes his prison term
and gets out.
Oh, that's good.
Truly, thank you all so much.
What's wrong, rookie?
Are you not gonna eat?
Oh, yes… Just…
He just witnessed the autopsy
of Kanemoto's drowned body.
The pig's feet reminded me of the body.
That's happened to me before.
A perpetrator killed three employees at
a Chinese restaurant with a chef's knife.
The restaurant was a sea of blood.
Because of the smell and feel
of the scattered organs,
I couldn't eat offal for a while.
But once you get used to it,
it doesn't bother you at all.
More importantly, Mr. Arashiyama,
a member of Fushimi-gumi
killed Kanemoto, huh?
No.
He's not a member of that yakuza group,
but the man named Mibu smells fishy.
Mibu often got into trouble
with the police when he was a kid.
But recently, he's gained some wisdom.
Officially, he's the diligent manager
of an auto repair shop.
But Mibu is connected to Fushimi-gumi
behind the scenes.
He's making a lot of money in security
and the nightlife business.
I've heard that too.
He gets into trouble with gangs,
takes settlement money,
and expands his power.
We questioned him about the Kanemoto case,
but we got nothing.
Also, I don't like the way
the attorney close to Mibu is acting.
An attorney?
Yeah.
An attorney who hangs around delinquents
will soon screw up and lose his badge.
No…
That attorney, Kujo,
is quite competent and skilled.
He'll be troublesome
to deal with eventually.
Here. Here, come over here.
-Hey. It's a treat. Here, here.
-Maybe it's afraid of you, Ms. Yakushimae.
Huh? Why?
Why would it be afraid of me?
Here, I'm not scary. Come here.
Then try giving this to Black Thunder.
Black Thunder?
-Huh?
-That's the dog's name.
Do you want some?
Hey, are you really going
to keep Kanemoto's dog?
What drives your actions, Attorney Kujo?
I tried to give the dog back
to Kanemoto's girlfriend,
but she said she'd have it put down.
Mibu asked me to keep it,
because he said he couldn't move on
from his dog, Rice Cake, who passed away.
So I had no choice.
Rice Cake and Black Thunder…
Is it a trend to name dogs after food?
I don't know.
Well, I'm going out for a bit.
Jogging?
No.
Today is my daughter's birthday.
-Oh, Rino.
-Huh?
How old is she now?
She's five.
She's that big, huh?
Are you gonna celebrate with her?
I'm not allowed to see her,
so I sent her a present by mail.
What? Then where are you going?
Three, two, one.
Jump!
Ready…
Three, two, one. Jump!
Thank you for the present, Daddy.
I feel bad for Attorney Kujo.
He gave his ex-wife all his assets,
and he's even paying child support,
but he still can't see his daughter.
Oh, I see.
That's why Attorney Kujo
is living in a tent.
That's right.
But usually, you'd file for mediation
for visitation rights.
Well, I'm sure Attorney Kujo
has his own reasons,
but I'm not sure what they are.
If he didn't go to see his daughter,
then where'd he go?
Hmm, probably… his father's place.
Huh? Attorney Kujo's?
You mean Prosecutor Kurama?
Yeah.
But he passed away a long time ago.
That's why.
KURAMA FAMILY GRAVE
His daughter's birthday
and his father's death anniversary
are both on August 15th.
Now, then.
I think I'll head home.
Oh, Ms. Yakushimae.
Hmm?
Why does Attorney Kujo use
his ex-wife's last name?
You should ask him that yourself.
What are you doing?
What is a man disowned by his family
doing at the family grave?
I'm praying to Mom.
And to Dad, too, just in case.
You are no longer a member
of the Kurama family,
nor are you my brother.
-There's no need to tell me that. I'll go.
-Take the flowers with you.
They'll defile the grave.
Your overbearing, commanding tone
is just like Dad's.
I hear that you object to the ruling
of a trial that I presided over.
It's true.
Try telling me what your objection is.
That defendant
was insane.
I don't think it's right
to seek the death penalty.
That crazy murderer deserves
to be executed.
Prosecutors have a duty
to respond to the victims' anguish
and the public's desire for punishment.
I'm saying that's being emotional.
Although he was under the influence
of hallucinations and delusions,
the evidence did not prove his actions
were fully controlled by his mental state.
That's why the court chose
the death penalty.
Is that wrong?
Taiza.
Do you seriously want
to become a prosecutor?
Didn't you make a promise
to your late mother?
It's because you're sloppy, Taiza.
You're a half-assed dumbass
who failed the bar exam repeatedly.
And now you've launched a law office?
Guys like you only get pathetic cases
from pathetic clients, right?
Even among us prosecutors,
bad rumors are spreading about you.
You're a disgrace to the Kurama family.
Even if you can't see it,
there's something I can see.
And what is that?
Are you running away
because you can't convince me?
You're a loser who always runs away.
ATTORNEY YUZO YAMASHIRO
Hello, this is Kujo.
Wow.
You really can drink.
I'll make some more.
No, sir. That's not allowed.
Come on. Just a little bit.
Right, Mr. Sugawara?
Oh, jeez…
Attorney Yamashiro,
your guest has arrived.
Oh, he's arrived?
It's been a while, Attorney Yamashiro.
Attorney Kujo, what's with that outfit?
Are you in workout clothes?
I was just out jogging.
This is all pretty lavish for this hour.
Well, I am a big spender here.
Besides, today is the anniversary
of your father's death.
Yes.
Well, my respects to your father…
Now, I want to introduce you to someone.
This is Mr. Sugawara. He's a CEO.
Hello, I'm Mr. Sugawara.
I'm Attorney Kujo.
Sir,
I probably shouldn't say this,
but he's the most competent attorney
to ever go independent from our firm.
He's like a son to me,
so you can trust him.
You flatter me too much.
Come on. Sit, sit. Let's have a drink.
-Bring the best drink you have.
-Okay.
Oh, I'll just have a regular highball.
Don't be so stingy.
You should get more clients
and make tons of money.
You'll see a different world.
Criminal defense is okay,
depending on how you approach it.
You think so?
All right. Today, I'll give you
the full lesson on how to make money.
Okay?
Yeah. Miss, when's it coming?
You know that CEO, Mr. Sugawara…
He says he's the CEO of a nursing home,
but his main job is fraud and robbery.
It's thugs like him
who have money these days.
Well,
he's far better than stingy lowlifes.
Those stingy lowlifes
are just a menace to society.
Just give them longer sentences,
and send them off to prison, one by one.
Did you stop siding with your clients?
Huh?
You were the one who taught me
that attorneys should always be
on the side of their clients.
Attorney Kujo,
what is an attorney?
You can't answer that, can you?
Attorney Kujo,
I… really think of you as my son.
Thank you very much.
Please, come in.
Attorney Kujo, our client is here.
Sir.
Sir! Our client is here.
Hello, I'm Attorney Kujo.
He smells like alcohol.
Are you sure about this guy?
I'd like for you to handle my case.
No, no.
Have a seat.
What's your name?
It's Ms. Iemori.
Hanae Iemori.
Ms. Iemori.
What would you like to discuss?
I want to recover my father's inheritance.
Inheritance?
We found a handwritten will
that said he'd donate 400 million yen
to an incorporated association.
But my father wouldn't write that.
This might sound rude,
but were you living with your father?
No, I wasn't.
He had dementia
and was living in a nursing home.
Dementia…
Those guys took advantage of that
and tricked my father.
-Who do you mean by "those guys"?
-The nursing home CEO and his lawyer.
ATTORNEY YAMASHIRO
My father, Shigenori Iemori,
wrote that he'd donate all his assets
to the legal entity Kikogi.
A man named Mr. Sugawara,
who's the CEO of the nursing home,
and his attorney, Yuzo Yamashiro,
forced my father to write it.
Please, sir.
Please recover my father's inheritance
from that crooked lawyer and the CEO.
I'm sorry,
but I must decline this case.
Why?
I've been struggling, having been
passed around from lawyer to lawyer.
But Mibu told me that Attorney Kujo
never turns down a case,
no matter how troublesome it is.
This time, I can't do it.
You!
Are you okay with letting a lawyer
who abets crime roam free?
Subtitle translation by: Miho Kunisawa